                                                   Looping


Number based

Q1. Write a Java program to print the factorial of a given number N.
Q2. Write a Java program to calculate the sum of digits of a given number.
Q3. Write a Java program to count the number of digits in a given number.
Q4. Write a Java program to print the product of digits of a given number.
Q5. Write a Java program to reverse a given number.
Q6. Write a Java program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.
Q7. Write a Java program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not.
Q8. Write a Java program to find the LCM of two numbers.
Q9. Write a Java program to find the GCD of two numbers.
Q10. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is prime or not.
Q11. Write a Java program to print all factors of a given number.
Q12. Write a Java program to find the sum of all factors of a given number.
Q13. Write a Java program to check whether a given integer is a perfect square or not.
Q14. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Strong Number or not.
Q15. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Perfect Number or not.
Q16. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Neon Number or not.
Q17. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Harshad Number or not.
Q18. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Buzz Number or not.
Q19. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is an Automorphic Number or not.
Q20. Write a Java program to check whether a given number is a Magic Number or not.
Q21. Write a Java program to check whether a given integer is a power of 3 or not.
Q22. Write a Java program to multiply two numbers without using * operator.
Q23. Write a Java program to find N power of M (Exponentiation) without using built-in functions.


Character&ascii based

Q1. Write a Java program to print all English alphabets in uppercase.
Q2. Write a Java program to print all English alphabets in lowercase.
Q3. Write a Java program to print lowercase English alphabets in reverse order.
Q4. Write a Java program to print English alphabets that lie between two given alphabets.
Q5. Write a Java program to print vowels and consonants separately.
Q6. Write a Java program to print ASCII values from A–Z.
Q7. Write a Java program to count the number of 1s and 0s in a binary number.
Q8. Write a Java program to convert decimal to binary.
Q9. Write a Java program to convert binary to decimal.
Q10. Write a Java program to convert a character from uppercase to lowercase using ASCII.


Digit based

Q1. Write a java program to print the first digit of a given number.
Q2. Write a java program to find whether the first digit of a given number is odd or even.
Q3. Write a java program to check whether the given digit is occurred in a number.
Q4. Write a java program to count the occurrence of a digit in a number.
Q5. Write a java program to check whether the digits of a number are in ascending order.
Q6. Write a java program to check whether the digits of a number are in descending order.
Q7. Write a java program to swap the first and last digit of a given number.
Q8. Write a java program to find the frequency of each digit in a given number.
Q9. Write a java program to find the largest digit in a given number.
Q10. Write a java program to find the smallest digit in a given number.
Q11. Write a java program to check whether all digits of a number are even or odd or mixed.
Q12. Write a java program to find the difference between the sum of even digits and odd digits of a number.
Q13. Write a java program to remove all zeroes from a given number.
Q14. Write a java program to calculate the sum of squares and cubes of digits of a number.
Q15. Write a java program to print each digit of a number in words.


Series based

Q1. Write a java program to print N natural numbers.
Q2. Write a java program to print whole numbers till N.
Q3. Write a java program to print odd numbers till N.
Q4. Write a java program to print even numbers till N.
Q5. Write a java program to print N natural numbers in reverse.
Q6. Write a java program to calculate sum of first N natural numbers.
Q7. Write a java program to print N odd numbers.
Q8. Write a java program to print N even numbers.
Q9. Write a java program to calculate sum of even and odd numbers till N.
Q10. Write a java program to calculate sum of N given numbers.
Q11. Write a java program to print "Hello World" for N times.
Q12. Write a java program to print multiplication table of N.
Q13. Write a java program to calculate sum of multiple positive numbers (Stop if user enters negative number).
Q14. Write a java program to calculate sum of N positive numbers (Skip the negative number and get another input instead).
Q15. Write a java program to print all prime numbers from 1 to N.
Q16. Write a java program to print the first N prime numbers.
Q17. Write a java program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to N.
Q18. Write a java program to print all Strong numbers between 1 to N.
Q19. Write a java program to print all Perfect numbers between 1 to N.
Q20. Write a java program to print Fibonacci series up to N terms.
Q21. Write a java program to print Fibonacci series up to a given number limit.
Q22. Write a java program to print all Buzz numbers between 1 to N.
Q23. Write a java program to print all Magic numbers between 1 to N.
Q24. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are power of 2.
Q25. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect squares.
Q26. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect cubes.
